you've been given a green light to take
all that cash under your mattress and
put it in the stock market according to
Black Rock you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you in today's
video we are going to look at what Black
Rock had to say and why this is so
important because the prices that you
pay for stuff is going to be much more
expensive next year than it is right now
I'm going to make these connections I'm
going to show you each and every detail
here in this video so let's begin this
is what they said the fed's decision is
a green light for investors Black Rock
what are they talking about here and why
is this important well let's look very
carefully at this right now at this time
the Federal Reserve has basically
signaled that we're probably at the end
of this rate hike cycle and at some
point in the near future there are going
to be rate Cuts now that isn't
officially a pivot but what happens here
is that investors would look at this
historically and say during these
periods of time what is the chance that
the stock market goes down considerably
and so they would weigh those options
out the thought here is that they are
going to front run the eventual rate
cuts which would be very bullish for
stocks hey I'll take the risk I'll dump
the cash in so that I can get ahead of
this but what happens here is all all
related to inflation that's the big
thing and here we have it inflation
today versus the 1970s they're putting
these in parallel and kind of saying uh
you know what there could be a
Resurgence over the next little while
who knows who knows where it is uh in
the 1970s it was wild there were
different things happening there we have
the oil shocks and so on but the thought
is if we don't take care of inflation
now it resurges even worse at a later
time we know that and so what the
Federal Reserve has said is hey we're
going to make sure we're going back down
to that 2% Mark and so on uh what they
signaled though and I watched the press
conference is that they want to make
this clear they're not going to wait for
it to go to 2% to then cut rates that is
not what they're going to do and the
Bank of Canada has said that as well I
mentioned this in the comments to
somebody um and they they didn't
understand that and it's important to
note this very clearly and carefully it
has been indicated as of this last
meeting okay if they wait to 2% and then
they start cutting then they will
overshoot this is what Powell said it
will overshoot because there's always
you know back in time it's always going
to be a lag and so they've got to be
aware of that they're cognizant of this
and so anytime now they could start to
cut rates because they don't want to
overshoot on that 2% go down to 1% go
down to the negative and so what they
want to do is some point in this near
future they want to start cutting you
got to realize that if they are going to
cut and if they're going to stop the
quantitative tight what does that do to
asset
prices right and if asset prices rise
well what happens to the wealth Gap it
gets B
right stick with me okay I'm I'm going
to connect all these things together
these are the financial conditions and
so many people have said wait a minute
but they're not printing money how's the
stock market going up what is this
what's going on here well know that
there's so many factors it's not just QE
it's not just quantitative easing you
have the financial conditions index and
that's made of different things you know
you've got obviously the interest rates
are in there but there's you know a
whole bunch of different things the
depends on which conditions index you're
looking at but when we look broadly at
the this is happens to be Goldman Sachs
but the financial conditions index it
has come down to the levels we haven't
seen since the middle of 2022 okay and
knowing that it tells us that there are
several things that are factored in here
that investors are taking into account
and as a result making it look much more
attractive to be dumping cash in in and
that's what has been happening investors
do not feel concerned right now overall
although money market funds have been
you know flooded $6 trillion worth in
Money Market
funds um clearly right now you can see
how much cash has been flooding into
stocks though I mean it is crazy that
blue line there that shows us uh the
world market cap and it has just gone
gone up up and up and so when I see that
it it tells me that no there really
isn't a concern overall overall I mean
investors have been dumping cash in and
that's one indication of financial
conditions as far as I'm concerned
because if we were really truly
concerned all these investors they would
be dumping their money into gold they
would be dumping their money into bonds
they would be thinking uh you know what
I don't want to put my money in stocks
because of the potential volatility and
if there's a real big
recession then I got to look at that and
think hm no those companies are going to
be hurt their earnings are going to be
hurt profits are going to be hurt so I
won't invest in that and so on clearly
not happening right this is it's an odd
circumstance let me tell
you this is showing us index valuation
has typically expanded following the
first uh uh First Fed cut so generally
when the Federal Reserve Cuts interest
rates obviously it's bullish that's
generally the way it works
okay you didn't need me to to pull up
that chart for you but I just wanted to
show you historically how it works not
every time it depends on what's
Happening like why are they cutting
interest rates why are they printing
money if it's because some catastrophic
event yeah that's terrible maybe it's
going to have a sever impact on the
economy and then of course that you know
the the markets are affected by that at
this time if you can believe it or not
168 basis points of cuts in
2024 is expected so that's
1.68% cutting that actually seems pretty
reasonable right we would be down quite
a bit from where we are on the FED funds
rate right now it's at it's at between
5.25 and 5.5% so bringing it down to you
know 4% seems pretty reasonable you know
to expect that who knows what happens by
then uh but shows us what could occur
now that has been you can see how it's
been walked back over the past couple
days as I record this because other
members of the FED came out and they
started this like uh you know Powell was
being a little doish you know we're not
we're not quite there yet and so on who
knows number of consecutive up weeks for
the S&P 500 going back the levels we
haven't seen since 2017 that was the
Goldilocks year each and every month the
market was up that entire year and uh
just looking at it going into the same
circumstance today it seems like hey
nothing's wrong right well the stock
market just triggered an overbought
signal that's typically led to a decline
over the next month more than 30% of the
stocks in the S&P 500 just hit a 14-day
RSI level above 70 and that is
overbought and you could see that here
on this chart what does that mean it's
just just let's just make it simple when
it's above this number of 70 it's
overbought and here we are today okay
all you need to know is that on a
shortterm scale the market is definitely
overbought because they love what they
saw they said hey easier Financial
conditions
I love it so they put their money in and
businesses at the same time are watching
that they are potentially going to be
we'll see easing up on their layoffs and
easing up on everything and I want to
see them expand research and development
expanding their hires and and sort of
flipping that narrative here in the
first quarter of
2024 if that happens then we know that
you know the economy could certainly
turn around because it is a
self-fulfilling prophecy right oh things
are getting bad uhoh I'm going to stop
spending and then that has a chain
reaction so we we'll look at that when
it comes to the companies and what they
do we won't know until uh you know those
first few months things for retailers
and things January February not a very
good
time typically so we'll have to wait
beyond that this is interesting because
the central banks around the world
generally they are tightening up but the
People's Bank of China has continuously
been expanding they've been uh pumping
cash into the system at a more steady
rate it's different than what they do um
they've been just you know slowly but
surely year after year after year after
year expanding their balance sheets
whereas ECB and the FED have been doing
this like aggressive up and down action
but if there is stimulus you know where
does it go if it's China is it staying
within China does it somehow SLO around
and make its way outside that's the way
the financial system works like in 2015
time frame the Federal Reserve has says
hey we're going to stop all of our
programs but the bank of England the ECB
that there were other Central Bank and
the SNB the Swiss National Bank they
were pumping cash into the system and so
that you know floods around and
eventually could make it way into the US
markets okay looking at this
152 Global central bank rate cuts are
expected in 2024 crazy right what do you
think that does what do you think the
effect of that 2024 is set to be the
first time since 2020 that cuts will be
greater than hikes there's a lot of
stimulus there's a lot of inflation that
will come as a result of this unless
there's a huge recession there's a
depression suddenly hey everything's bad
you know millions of unemployed
continuously you know the 10th cities
just you know 10x in size and so on
otherwise much more inflation the prices
that you pay for stuff now today will
potentially seem like nothing next year
and the year after the year after that
because of what they're doing because of
the stimulus because of the continuous
expansion of their po policies and this
doesn't even suggest that there's going
to be a recession look if there is a
recession deflation comes in what does
the government do well what you know
they look at it oh it's affecting the
car market oh we'll we'll bail out the
Car Mar Market here here's cash you want
to buy a new car here's five grand for
you everybody that wants to buy a new
car five grand five grand five grand and
then they they spend the trillion
dollars that's stimulation right central
banks have their own way to stimulate
we've got to pay attention to this if
the government spends a lot of
money they are going to put pressure on
the Federal Reserve to come in with a
new quantitative easing and of course we
know what that does if you want to get
this level of depth each and every week
Beyond actually Way Way Beyond that and
in addition to that the new
gpts what is a GPT that's basically
using chat GPT I created my my own
system within that I created my own GPT
what I call fire your financial
advisor which is basically a way that
you can click one button it will
research the current economic situation
and then give you an output as to what
is the
best thing to invest in right now and it
Compares that to
history looks at those circumstances
puts them in buckets okay what like what
is the current circumstance compared to
these previous buckets and based on that
giving you reasons why not just saying
oh go invest in Microsoft no it gives
you the reasons why very very exciting
stuff with the gpts that will be
available to the public in the first
quarter of 2024 I would release it today
if it was available but they're the
whole thing that they're building with
open AI is not available until first
quarter 2024 I spent about six hours
creating that and that's part of um you
know the the uh weekly sessions that I
have the link will be in the description
you can get all the details for that
right here at that link and the comment
of the day the debt is unpayable and
will be hyperinflated away at the
expense of the middle class and I want
to know what you think about this do you
see hyperinflation coming or just more
inflation I don't think I don't have
hyperinflation as my base case it would
be very hard to hyperinflate the US
dollar uh the US currencies have seen
there has been two hyperinflations that
have occurred before today is a very
different circumstance I do see more
inflation though there's no question
deflation if there is any will then be
met with more inflation so temporary
bout more inflation
hyperinflation what do you think please
let me know hit that thumbs up button on
the way out because not only does it
support the channel but it notifies this
algorithm to say hey we got to you know
push this out to more people so I do
want to thank you for that and if you
know anybody that would benefit from it
just hit that share button and uh that's
it I'll see you tomorrow make sure you
come back tomorrow so you get the latest
and greatest information take care